# Welcome

Welcome on Webcampak documentation site.

## Overview

Webcampak is a timelapse-photography appliance. It's main role is to capture, manipulate pictures over very long period of times, provide mechanisms to prevent picture loss and more generally assist photographers in their projects.

## Content

Webcampak documentation is divided in 4 sections:

* __Learn__: What is Webcampak, its different features and technologies
* __Use__: Details day-to-day Webcampak features and tools
* __Configure__: Webcampak configuration
* __Develop__: How to install Webcampak from scratch, how to extend its features (for advanced users)
 
## About

Initially started as a hobbyist project, webcampak progressively became a tool relied on by photographers for their long-term timelapses. As such our focus during development has been on designing and progressively extending it to serve identified use cases.

Today webcampak 2.x and webcampak 3.x are used in production by our clients and partners, but you might encounter difficulties to use it in your environment (maybe caused by different uses cases). Do not hesitate to get in touch and we'll do our best to help.

## What is not Webcampak

It might be relevant to insist on what Webcampak is not, or what it was not designed to perform.

### Not a short term timelapse solution

Although a possible use case, Webcampak has not been designed for short term projects. It requires more setup than a simple intervalometer, cannot burst its capture rate to speed achievable by such setups.

Webcampak starts to become relevant for projects lasting for over a week, and is probably one of the best solutions for projects spanning months or years.

### Not an end-to-end solution

Webcampak is design to cover all use cases from initial capture to final production-quality videos. Its main role is to assist photographers and film-makers in achieveing their projects, in particular when they are new to the field.

Videos generated by Webcampak are useful for our clients and partners to identify relevant sequences, quickly see progress and eventually make those available to their own clients. But video quality and post-processing features are far from being as advanced as proper video editing tools.

## More ?

Want to learn more or participate ? get in touch at contat_at_webcampak.com
